Add new endpoint `/_api/key-generators` (#420)
arangodb/docs-hugo: site/content/3.12/release-notes/version-3.12/api-changes-in-3-12.md

### Endpoints added

#### Collections API

> You can now retrieve the key generators for collections using the following
> endpoint:
> 
> `GET /_api/key-generators`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now retrieve the available key generators for collections using the new
`GET /_api/key-generators` endpoint.
```

> See the [description](../../develop/http-api/collections.md#get-the-available-key-generators)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [HTTP API description](../../develop/http-api/collections.md#get-the-available-key-generators)
```
